Oh, Mr. Ye
What wind brought you here?
Throw him out
Hey, no, no, Mr. Ye, Mr. Ye, Mr. Li, hey
Gaozi Ye Zong Hey Hey
You slow down
Oh, miss me
My good daughter
How can I obtain your forgiveness?
Thank you ma'am for the relief
If there is nothing wrong
I'll go first
It was my wife who kicked me out of the Luo family
miss
So I thought about it.
It's not your fault.
Come back to Luo's house with me, okay?
Why did Ye Qingmei's attitude towards me change so much?
Grass is not one of them
Is there something I don't know?
Come, have some more!
Look how thin you are
Eat fast
Madam, I'm full.
I'll go to work first
madam
This is dinner and tonic soup for everyone's sister
I just got back from the hospital.
Let the bodyguard send it
Mom
Why are you bringing me food?
My mother is tired
Made me come to deliver meals to the university
So you can put it here.
Mom must have surprised me.
Miss